Adds maxDepth and maxBreadth options (#20)
BridgeAR/safe-stable-stringify: readme.md

* `circularValue` {string|null} Define the value for circular references. **Default:** `[Circular]`.
* `deterministic` {boolean} If `true`, guarantee a deterministic key order
  instead of relying on the insertion order. **Default:** `true`.

> * `maximumDepth` {number} Max number of nested object that will be serialized. Will replace deeply nested object with `'[Object]'` value. **Default:** `Infinity`
> * `maximumBreadth` {number} Max number of properties (for object) or elements (for arrays/typed arrays) that will be serialized. It will add a `[DEBUG]` key in the resulting serialized string to inform the user that not all keys have been serialized. **Default:** `Infinity`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `maximumBreadth` {number} Maximum number of entries to serialize per object.
The serialized output contains a `[DEBUG]` property to inform the user that not
all keys have been serialized. **Default:** `Infinity`
* `maximumDepth` {number} Maximum number of object nesting levels that will be
serialized. Objects at the maximum level are serialized as `'[Object]'` and
arrays as `'[Array]'`. **Default:** `Infinity`
```
